# About Me

My name is Max Esser, and I am an IT Manager and Software Developer based in Madison, Wisconsin. My career in tech allows me to pursue my lifelong passion for technology while assisting others with a range of technological challenges. I pride myself on quickly reaching proficiency with new skills and technologies. In my free time, you’ll probably find me working on personal projects, catching live music, traveling, or playing Dungeons & Dragons with my two cats.

## My Story

Since 2013, it has been my pleasure to work in the IT department of a small transportation cooperative in Madison, WI. I started as an IT Assistant providing technical support and worked my way up to the position of IT Manager, *the highest role in all the land*—or at least the company. Over the years, my title evolved, but I have always been part of a small team with a variety of responsibilities. This has given me the opportunity to work in many different areas and gain experience in networking, cloud computing, security, management, and much more. However, my favorite area by far is software development.

In 2019, I decided to go back to school to pursue a degree in Computer Science. In 2021, I transferred to the University of Wisconsin-Madison and began taking classes full-time. My education at UW-Madison was both wonderful and challenging, precisely the next step I had been seeking. I'm proud to say that in 2024, I completed a double major in Computer Science and Data Science. I am now looking forward to opportunities where I can continue to grow and apply my experience in software development-focused roles.