# About Me

My name is Max Esser, I’m IT Manager and Software Developer in Madison WI. As a
technology enthusiast I love working with computers. Working in tech has given
me the opportunity to help people by finding solutions to their problems and
explore my lifelong passion for technology. I pride myself on my ability to
reach proficiency with new skills and technologies quickly. In my free time
you’ll probably find me working on personal projects, catching live music,
traveling, or just playing D\&D with my two cats.

## My Story

Since 2013 it has been my pleasure to work in the IT department of a small
transportation cooperative based out of Madison WI. Starting as an IT Assistant
doing technical support I worked my way up to the position of IT Manager, *the
highest roll in all the land*. Over the years my title changed, but I have
always worked in a small team with a variety of responsibilities. This afforded
me the opportunity to work in many different spaces and gain experience with
support, networking, cloud, security, management, and much more. However, my
favorite space by far is software development. It’s why in 2019 I decided to go
back to school part-time with a goal of getting a Computer Science degree. In
2021, I transferred to the University of Wisconsin-Madison where I started
taking classes full-time. My education at UW-Madison was wonderful and
challenging, it was exactly the next step I’d been seeking. I’m proud to say
that in 2024 I completed a double major in Computer Science and Data Science.
I'm looking forward to opportunities where I can apply my experience to Software
Development focused roles as I continue to grow.